welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called aladdin from
2019.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
the name of the movie is aladdin and the
movie starts with a man who was telling
a story to his kids
he was telling them the story of aladdin
and his magical lamp
and then we were shown the agrabah
kingdom
in this kingdom a boy named aladdin
steals stuff from people with his pet
monkey he is a clever thief but the good
thing about him is that he helps the
poor
he feeds the poor little kids it means
the monkey which he gets from stealing
he spends in a good way he has a pure
heart then we saw a girl the girl was
giving some bread to the kids but she
had no money that's why the owner of the
shop tries to take the bracelet from her
then aladdin comes there since aladdin
has great stealing skills he tricked the
shopkeeper and stole the bracelet from
him
then he ran away from there with the
girl
when the shopkeeper gets to know that he
has been deceived he sends all his men
behind them
but somehow aladdin saves that girl and
takes her to his home
after they reach his home that girl
tells him that her name is dalia and
aladdin tells her that he lives with his
monkey abu
his parents died when he was a kid he is
totally alone
seeing the silky clothes in her bracelet
aladdin thinks that this girl is surely
the special maid of the princess
then that girl sees some boats coming
toward the palace
then she said to aladdin that i have to
go now
while she was about to leave she asked
him to give her the bracelet he said
okay then she started searching for her
bracelet in all of his pockets the girl
knew that he had the bracelet but
aladdin was a clever thief so he acted
like he was searching for the bracelet
as if he had lost it the girl left after
calling him a thief after this we saw
the minister of this kingdom his name is
jafar jafar wants the crown of this
kingdom for this he needs a magical lamp
this magical lamp was inside of a
magical cave only a human with a pure
heart can go inside it a human who helps
the poor you can say that only a humble
and innocent-hearted human can only
enter the cave
but jafar had no such qualities he was
so greedy and that's why he is searching
for a human who has all these qualities
on the other side some prince of arab
came with the marriage proposal for the
princess but the girl who was with
aladdin on that day was actually the
princess and dahlia was the name of her
maid the name of the princess is jasmine
the princess didn't like these proposals
on the other side jafar asked sultan to
attack shirabad but sultan got angry at
him and disagreed with jafar jafar had a
magical wand and he can hypnotize anyone
with this magic wand
like this he hypnotized the sultan so
that he would listen to him
meanwhile jasmine arrives there and she
says to her father that she wants to be
the sultan of this kingdom
but a lady cannot be the sultan that's
why he said no to her he asked her to
marry an arab prince so that your
husband can take care of this kingdom
the princess became sad and went to her
room
after this we see that aladdin comes to
the palace to return the bracelet of the
princess
but lago sees him who was the parrot of
jafar
then he went to jafar and told him about
it
now jafar noticed how secretly aladdin
went to the room of the princess
he realized this is the boy who can
complete his dream
aladdin went to the princess and
returned her bracelet but he takes her
hairpin he took a hairpin so that he
could meet the princess again as an
excuse
but you can say that it was his bad luck
when he was going back the royal guards
caught him
then they took him to a desert
jafar thinks he is the gem he was
searching for a long time
he told aladdin that the girl whom you
thought was the maid is actually the
princess
and if you want to have her then you
have to become very rich
he asked him to go to the magical cave
and bring the magical lamp for him
in exchange of this i will give you a
lot of money
aladdin gets ready to go there since he
was in love with the princess
in the evening aladdin comes in front of
the cave with jafar
he tried to enter the cave safely
since aladdin was a special human being
so the cave doesn't harm him at all he
went inside easily
after he entered the cave he saw that
there was so much diamond and gold
around him but he doesn't touch anything
he doesn't touch anything because jafar
warned him not to touch anything else
except the lamp
if you touch anything the spirits of the
cave will get angry at you and they will
try to kill you
so aladdin was minding his own business
as he moved a little forward then he saw
that a carpet was stuck under a huge
rock he helped that carpet the carpet
became so happy after getting helped by
aladdin after that we saw that aladdin
saved himself after falling from iraq he
was safe but a ruby falls on abu and abu
grabs it meanwhile aladdin picks up the
magical lamp
but since abu has touched a pearl there
as a result the magical spirits of the
cave got angry at them
they tried to kill them and there was
lava everywhere but somehow they saved
themselves and reached the exit
here jafar was waiting for them but as
soon as he saw them instead of thanking
or taking them out of the cave he told
him to give me the magical lamp first
since aladdin was in trouble he gave him
the magical lamp immediately
after jafar took the magical lamp he let
go of aladdin's hand and he fell down
but abu attacked jafar but jafar also
threw him inside the cave they were
stuck inside the cave when jafar
searched for the magical lamp he
couldn't find it and he started
screaming
aladdin and abu were stuck in the cave
but abu told aladdin that while
attacking jafar he snatched the magical
lamp from him
and then he showed the lamp to aladdin
aladdin rubbed that lamp and a huge
genie came out of it the genie was
imprisoned in that lamp for many years
it tells aladdin that if you want to
fulfill your wish tell me your wish
after saying i wish and your wish will
be fulfilled
then aladdin said that my wish is take
me out of this cave
genie immediately takes them out with
the help of his magic
when they come out aladdin asks the
genie what is your wish
he said that my wish is to become a
human
aladdin said don't worry i have three
wishes left and in my last wish i will
wish that you will become a human
genie says excuse me you have only two
wishes left
aladdin says that i haven't rubbed the
lamp in my first wish so it should not
be counted
jeannie said okay then tell me your
first wish
aladdin said that my first wish is to
make me a prince so that i can go to the
princess with a marriage proposal
jeannie does exactly the same and makes
him a prince and turns abu into an
elephant
then they went to the palace with so
many dancers and musicians
when they went to the palace the sultan
welcomed them
but since aladdin was not a real prince
so he didn't know what to talk about
but no one doubted it because the genie
used his magic
but aladdin said something that made the
princess angry with him but the sultan
said to him you should join our party
tonight the sultan invited him to the
party so that he could talk to the
princess once again
but when aladdin went to the party jafar
tried to hypnotize him
but the genie came there and saved him
then the genie told him to go to the
princess and impress her
aladdin tried to impress the princess by
dancing but she was not impressed at all
and she left without saying anything
but aladdin didn't give up on her
jeannie told him to go to her room and
talk to her about something
then the genie and dahlia went outside
so that they would not disturb the
princess and aladdin
then the princess had a little doubt
about aladdin but the genie helped him
out
and then aladdin took her for a ride in
that magic carpet
then the princess thought that maybe she
had already met him somewhere but
aladdin lied to her again he said that
yes you met me once but i was living as
a poor person because i wanted to know
about the struggle the poor have to go
through they were having a really good
time together but when they came iago
saw them
the next day aladdin was arrested by
jafar's men and they tried to throw him
into the ocean out of the window
they did this because jafar found out he
was no prince
but aladdin and he told him that if he
has the magic lamp then he will spare
his life but if he does not have this
then he will die
but when they threw him out of the
window abu came there with the carpet in
the lamp abu threw the lamp into the
ocean but aladdin went unconscious but
luckily his hand touched the lamp and
the genie came out of it
but after genie came out of the lamp he
used his second wish to save his life
and then the next day aladdin and the
princess went to the sultan
aladdin told the sultan that jafar is a
traitor
then jafar came there and tried to
hypnotize sultan with his magical wand
but then aladdin took his magic wand and
broke it
sultan got back to his normal sense
then he locked jafar in prison as a
punishment for treason but at night
jafar's parrot iago came there and freed
him
on the other side the sultan was
thanking aladdin because he saved their
kingdom
he also said that aladdin and the
princess will get married
but then aladdin said to the genie that
i will not use my third wish to make you
a human
because if i want to marry the princess
then i will have to be the prince all
the time in front of the sultan and i
can't do it without you
but jeannie said no don't do this
how long will you hide behind the lies
you are telling them
then jeannie got angry and disappointed
at him and went back to the lamp
then aladdin was returning to his home
but jafar takes away the lamp from him
he didn't notice it and went to his
house he started thinking about what the
genie told him then he realized that the
genie was right i should tell them the
truth
then he changed his decision and was
thinking of telling the truth to
everyone but then he realized that he
does not have the lamp now jafar has the
lamp after having the lamp jafar
immediately wished to become the sultan
the genie made him the sultan then one
of the most loyal soldiers of the sultan
started to bow before jafar and call him
the sultan
then the princess tried to make him
realize that you should not serve the
man who always thinks about himself
hakeem realized it and refused to listen
to jafar
jafar gets so angry at them then he
asked the genie to make him the most
powerful magician
genie had to do it
so he made him the most powerful
magician
as he made him the most powerful
magician jafar imprisoned all the
soldiers
but then aladdin came there and tried to
steal the lamp but he could not then
jafar told everyone that aladdin is not
a prince
he's just a normal human being
and as a punishment he sent him to a
cold and snowy place
after aladdin left jafar told the
princess to marry him or else he will be
the sultan and dahlia and the genie sent
the carpet to help aladdin the next day
when jafar was about to marry the
princess princess saw that aladdin was
coming in his carpet
she got so happy to see him and she
tricked jafar and took the lamp from him
then she jumped onto the carpet
then jafar got so angry at them and used
his magical powers to convert iago into
a giant parrot
iago takes away the lamp from aladdin
but sultan dropped the magical wand of
jafar from the back the magical wand
fell on the ground and broke into pieces
and then iago turns back into a normal
parrot then abu took the lamp from him
but then jafar again used his magic and
got them then aladdin said no matter how
powerful you get you can never be more
powerful than the genie but then greedy
jafar asked the genie to make him as
powerful as the genie because he wanted
to be most powerful
then the genie turned him into a giant
genie then aladdin told him since you
are a genie now you have to stay in your
lamp and now he can only come out of his
lamp when he finds his owner
jafar gets imprisoned inside the lamp
and the genie throws the lamp so far
away
agrabad gets freed from jafar's magic
then the father of princess jasmine made
him the sultan
then aladdin got married to the princess
and he used his last wish to turn the
genie into a human
genie got married to dahlia then they
had two kids the movie ends here
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the video on
your screen to watch them and don't
forget to let me know how you feel about
today's video in the comments down below
and at last i will say stay safe stay
well
thanks